Strengthen "don't create issues" language (#13971)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Homebrew-on-Linux.md

## Features

- Install software not packaged by your host distribution
- Install up-to-date versions of software when your host distribution is old
- Use the same package manager to manage your macOS, Linux, and Windows systems

## Install

> Instructions for  the best, supported install of Homebrew on Linux are on the [homepage](https://brew.sh).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instructions for the best, supported install of Homebrew on Linux are on the [homepage](https://brew.sh).
```

> The installation script installs Homebrew to `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew` using *sudo* if possible and within your home directory at `~/.linuxbrew` otherwise. Homebrew does not use *sudo* after installation. Using `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew` allows the use of most binary packages (bottles) which will not work when installing e.g. in your personal home directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation script installs Homebrew to `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew` using *sudo* if possible and within your home directory at `~/.linuxbrew` otherwise. Homebrew does not use *sudo* after installation. Using `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew` allows the use of most binary packages (bottles) which will not work when installing in e.g. your personal home directory.
```

  sudo yum install libxcrypt-compat # needed by Fedora 30 and up
  ```

### ARM (unsupported)

> Homebrew can run on 32-bit ARM (Raspberry Pi and others) and 64-bit ARM (AArch64), but no binary packages (bottles) so is unsupported. Pull requests are welcome to improve the experience on ARM platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Homebrew can run on 32-bit ARM (Raspberry Pi and others) and 64-bit ARM (AArch64), but as they lack binary packages (bottles) they are unsupported. Pull requests are welcome to improve the experience on ARM platforms.
```
